Add documentation on `KudoOperator` task (#255)
kudobuilder/www: content/docs/developing-operators/tasks.md

**Note:**

- File generating Pod has to be side effect free (meaning side effects that are observable outside of the container like a 3rd party API call) as the container might be executed multiple times on failure. A `restartPolicy: OnFailure` is used for the pipe-pod
- Only files <1Mb are applicable to be stored as ConfigMap or Secret. A pipe-task will fail should it try to copy files >1Mb
- As of KUDO 0.9.0 pipe-artifacts can only be used within the same plan they were generated
- You can pipeline artifacts by creating them in one pipe-task and mounting in a subsequent one

Full cowsay-operator can be found in the [KUDO operators repo](https://github.com/kudobuilder/operators/tree/master/repository/cowsay).

## KudoOperator-Task

> A `KudoOperator` task allows you to specify a dependency on other operators. While dependencies in general is a complicated topic, `KudoOperator` itself is about installation dependencies e.g. your operator and all the operators it depends on (including transitive dependencies) will be installed and/or removed as one unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `KudoOperator` task allows you to specify a dependency on other operators. While dependencies in general is a complicated topic, `KudoOperator` itself is about installation dependencies, i.e. your operator and all the operators it depends on (including transitive dependencies) will be installed as one unit.
```
Removal isn't implemented yet.

Author: > Removal isn't implemented yet.

what do you mean? If you remove the parent instance, all the children (and their resources) are also automatically removed thx to the magic of the owner references!

Reviewer: You are right, I forgot about this behavior. On the other hand this is true only for instances. So this is more of a nitpick, because it isn't clear what "operator" means in this context. Let's use "operator instance" instead. Operator and OperatorVersion resources of dependencies won't be removed if one removes a parent Operator or OperatorVersion.

KUDO operators already have a mechanism to deal with installation dependencies called [plans, phases, and steps](plans.md) with serial or parallel execution strategy. This mechanism is already powerful enough to express any dependency hierarchy including transitive dependencies.

Here a simple example of a task specifying a dependency on the community Zookeeper operator version 0.3.0 (which will install [zookeeper 3.4.14](https://github.com/kudobuilder/operators/blob/master/repository/zookeeper/README.md))

```yaml
tasks:
  - name: deploy-zookeeper
    kind: KudoOperator
    spec:
      package: zookeeper
      operatorVersion: 0.3.0
```

As with other tasks, KUDO will make sure this task is healthy before moving to the next one. In the example below we split the `deploy` plan into two phases: _prereqs_ and _main_:
 
```yaml
plans:
  deploy:
    strategy: serial
    phases:
      - name: prereqs
        strategy: parallel
        steps:
          - name: first
            tasks:
              - deploy-zookeeper
      - name: main
        strategy: parallel
        steps:
          - name: second
            tasks:
              - deploy-main
```

> "Healthy", in the case of the operator means that its `deploy` plan has finished successfully. `KudoOperator` closely mimics the `kudo install` command semantics allowing to additionally specify the `appVersion` (defaults to most recent one) and the `instanceName` (will be generated by KUDO by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Healthy", in the case of the operator means that its `deploy` plan has finished successfully. `KudoOperator` closely mimics the `kubectl kudo install` command semantics allowing to additionally specify the `appVersion` (defaults to most recent one) and the `instanceName` (will be generated by KUDO by default).
```

> "Healthy", in the case of the operator means that its `deploy` plan has finished successfully. `KudoOperator` closely mimics the `kubectl kudo install` command semantics allowing to additionally specify the `appVersion` (defaults to most recent one) and the `instanceName` (will be generated by KUDO by default).

Reviewer 2: it might be valuable here to use the word "complete" here... the current sentence requires some translation or deeper understand that shouldn't be necessary.  The "deploy" plan has finished succcessfully...  how does the reader know what that means?   According to the `plan status` it means the plan is "Complete"

> As with `kudo install` command, a local operator (or remote tarball) can be specified in the `package` field e.g. `package: "./child-operator"`. During installation of the parent operator, `kudoctl` will resolve the child dependency, parse the operator and create the necessary resources.

Reviewer: Let's not use `kudo` and`kudoctl`, but `kubectl kudo` instead, as that's how we except it to be used.
```suggestion
As with `kubectl kudo install` command, a local operator (or remote tarball) can be specified in the `package` field e.g. `package: "./child-operator"`. During installation of the parent operator, `kubectl kudo` will resolve the child dependency, parse the operator and create the necessary resources.
```
